yo what's going on guys crisp on down
here power chain TV last week when I was
getting done with my football class I
have a guy in here running back that
I've been working with for a very long
time
this kid isn't actually a solid talent I
believe he belongs at a division 1a
level and I feel that he's just not
getting those looks he's getting his
looks from smaller schools
he's a Florida running back who runs a
447 he's about 6 foot 185 pounds and I
got to talking with him and he's telling
me about these schools from from these
you know in the middle of the country
and you know these schools where I feel
like he could be in a lot better area he
just needs to get himself in front of
people so he starts telling me about
these recruiting websites that are
telling him oh this school is looking at
you and this coach was to talk to you
and and to be honest with you with this
day and age like rival Scout and I'm not
knocking them because that's I mean
that's been the platform for years but I
think the pendulum is gonna swing
coaches don't care whether they have to
go through rivals they don't care about
that they want to evaluate them
themselves they don't care if you're a 4
star 5 star that's great to have a great
recruiting class don't get me wrong but
to be real a lot of these coaches are
beyond that they're smarter than that
they can evaluate you they can see your
hips they can see your weight your size
your potential everything so with that
being said I feel like you guys need to
go out there and get it I'm gonna give
you my three-step process for you not to
wait on your ass anymore not to wait for
that close to call you up not to wait
for you to fill out questionnaires over
and over again and I want you guys to
get this done this is something
I did in college and I feel like it's
very effective and I learned from a
buddy of mine in college who actually
went to play at Division one school and
he signed late like in June or July or
something like that and and this is how
he did and this is how we talked about
it and and this is how you can go about
effectively putting in that blue collar
work and getting it done so let's take a
look three step process step one I want
you buy a poster board a simple poster
board I want you to look online and look
at FBS schools or whatever it may be
whether you I'm using football because
that's what I'm familiar with but this
could be baseball basketball
anything you want to play at the next
level swimming it doesn't matter I want
you to label every school in the nation
that you want to do for his case I'm
telling him to label every FBS school
that's Division one hey for you guys
after that I want him to develop an
intricate letter an intricate email that
he could send out with him I worked on
him that the subject line I wanted to
punch he showed me his and it was
something about I'm interested in going
to political science and I love this
about your school code just don't want
to hear that I mean that like be
honest with you get that out of your
head you're right now to them until you
could develop a relationship them it's a
meat market all right and that's just
the truth of it is get the most out of
it that you need to get and plan that
level then you develop the relationship
but for right now they don't know you
you have to come off as that it's very
surface all right so what I told him to
is his his subject line is 6-foot 185
pounds for four 740 Florida running back
now
obviously he's from Florida so that
grabs a lot of attention the four four
seven forty is an official time that he
ran had to cancel that grabs attention
and he's six foot 185 pounds mean he
could put a probably fifteen pounds on
his body
as soon as he hits college and he gets
into that lifestyle and data like that
kind of things immediately after that
the thing that I think is holding him
back is he missed three games so I want
him to immediately put in oh I rush
there's over 700 yards I'm gonna play
seven games and I average this many
yards per carry so that's the intricate
letter that I'm saying grabs the
attention of the coaches whatever your
story may be if you feel like you could
plant that next level and something
happen you need to to intricately put
that in your ladder and shout it out to
them immediately step three I want you
to send this email want you to go to
each school look up there even on the
websites of the key they give you each
website look up their coaching staff
each one has an email I promise you that
I want you to find your position coach
whatever position you play whether it be
running back linebackers when it be out
field picture codes or whatever position
coach I want you to find your
coordinator if your baseball or
basketball whatever find the another
kosha your sissy coaches but if your
football offense or defense coordinator
and then the recruiting coordinator each
team has a recruiting coordinator that I
want you to send it to individually you
are gonna copy and paste this to each
one of those coaches not at all free I
want you to copy and paste individually
try this out guys I want to hear back
from you how you're doing it I'm gonna
keep it posted out he's doing like I
said the pendulums gonna swing again and
it's not all about sitting there and
waiting for the coaches to find you you
have to go out there and get it and I
know you guys a lot of you guys out
there you say later down the road man I
wish I could have played in here I know
I couldn't play in here look at this kid
he did this well here's your chance do
this right now
Chris Barnard power swagging TV how'd
you guys next time
you